Fix a description of mapped properties (#31266)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/padding-inline-start/index.md

## Description

> The `padding-inline-start` property is defined in the specification as taking the same values as the {{cssxref("padding-top")}} property. However, the physical property it maps to depends on the values set for {{cssxref("writing-mode")}}, {{cssxref("direction")}}, and {{cssxref("text-orientation")}}. Therefore, it could map to {{cssxref("padding-top")}}, {{cssxref("padding-right")}}, or {{cssxref("padding-left")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `padding-inline-start` property is defined in the specification as taking the same values as the {{cssxref("padding-top")}} property. However, the physical property it maps to depends on the values set for {{cssxref("writing-mode")}}, {{cssxref("direction")}}, and {{cssxref("text-orientation")}}. Therefore, it could also map to {{cssxref("padding-bottom")}}, {{cssxref("padding-right")}}, or {{cssxref("padding-left")}}.
```

maybe add a word *also* in the third sentence is better?

also, I don't remove `padding-bottom` is correct, because this still could happen for some situation, as test above

Author: This sentence is never considered as `padding-top` is one of mapped properties, I think. Why do you want to make confusing?

Please read my comment again.

Reviewer: > I don't agree.
> 
> This sentence is never considered as `padding-top` is one of mapped properties, I think. Why do you want to make confusing?
> 
> Please read my comment again.

Maybe yours is better.

But I think the fix should be *append `padding-top`*, not *replace `padding-bottom` with `padding-top`*, because as I test, also the spec pointed, both `padding-top`, `padding-bottom`, `padding-left`, and `padding-right` are all possible to be mapped

Reviewer: or another way is just use the same sentence as the spec

![image](https://github.com/mdn/content/assets/95597335/4b4c7df3-bd01-43a3-963d-92c0377908de)

Reviewer 2: @estelle do you have any thoughts on this discussion?

Reviewer 3: while i don't normally recommend  copying directly from the spec, as MDN is a lay translation of the spec not a copy, in this case, the spec , as quoted by @ skyclouds2001, text is very understandable here. Maybe 

```suggestion
In English, a left-to-right top-to-bottom language, `padding-inline-start` property corresponds to the {{cssxref("padding-top")}} property. However, whether this logical property corresponds to the `padding-top`, {{cssxref("padding-right")}}, or {{cssxref("padding-bottom")}}, or {{cssxref("padding-left")}} depends on the elements {{cssxref("writing-mode")}}, {{cssxref("direction")}}, and {{cssxref("text-orientation")}}. 
```

Reviewer 3: i don't know how difficult it would be for translators if we include this "english" example though.

Reviewer 2: Small nit to say "depends on the element's {{cssxref("writing-mode")}}"
